            Intructions for the Kreuzer Drawing Program
                
                Movement keys-On numeric keypad
        Up
Dgn. 7  8  9 Dgn.            0(ins)-Move three pixels at a time   
                                    (Hit again to move one at a time)
left-4     6 -right          +     -Move six pixels at a time 
     
Dgn. 1  2  3 Dgn.
        -
      Down
                     Basic Drawing

  5: Put pen down (Your cursor will now trail in the current color)
    (Hit again to take pen up)
  i: Change current color to whatever color the cursor is on
  =: Change color one to the right
  -: Change color one to the left.
  o: Change color to the number color you type in.

                     Basic Features

  *: Will fill a shape surounded by the current color with the current color
     (Pen must be down)
  /: Turn on erase mode
     (Pen must be up to erase)
  z: Mark coordinate #1
  x: Mark coordinate #2
  l: Draw a line in the current color between point z and point x.
     (Pen must be down)
  g: Get the image square with coordinate #1 as the upper left corner
     and coordinate #2 as the lower right corner
  d: Drop the last image taken image. (The cursor will mark the upper
  left-hand corner)

                     File management
  s: Saves the picture in the square. Type in a file name WithOut an
  exstension. If the picture already has a name hit enter to save with
  the same name.

  r: Restores a picture. (Your current picture on screen if not saved will
  be lost.) Choose a picture from the list.

  n: Start a new picture. (If not saved your current picture will be lost.)

  q: Quits back to qbasic

  k: Will kill the saved file for your current picture.

                     Advanced Features
.(del): Will put you in small erase mode. (In other words you will draw in
        black.) Hit again to go back to normal draw mode.

  <: Undo the last fill (Normal or pattern)   

  t: Mark the first color in the color bar for pattern fill.
  y: Mark the second color in the color bar for pattern fill.
     (Colors inbetween will be included in the pattern.)
  \: Fills in the area surounded with the currnet color with a pattern.

  t: Mark the color to change
  y: Mark to color to change into.
  f: Turn on color change (All t colors near your cursor will become y
     colors.) Hit f again to turn it off.

  e: Enlarge the sqare (First you must mark it the upper left corner with z
     and the lower-right with x). Enter how much to enlarge it (A number
     between .1 and 10) 1 is the current size. (.5 will make it have size, 2
     will make it twice as big). This feature can be slow.


  I'm sure there are a few more features, but I can't remember them right now
so you'll have to do without them.

